so it's skills when I've lied to have mastered before my profession Naval
Academy and so I learned a lot and we have four years of practicing
at the summer cruises at the Naval Academy that was very important
to help me get along I know that some of my other fellow officers
they wish they had done more scuba to prepare for being a seal war
to compare them to be **** aviators there was some time at the academy
that would have been available to me to go the flying fault and pick
up a private pilot's license well I didn't do that or so the ship
driver and something like that there are flying skills if you can
understand flying an aircraft and that would be important also because
in this this Dave drones okay we're gonna be using drones in every
aspect of naval warfare so if you can learn to pilot a drone and have
that type of experience under your belt and know you'll be able
to apply that and and we didn't have the I do not have that time the
experience of technology available to be when I was growing up and
and just starting in my profession